Different
Smith_11
Summary:
An alternate series of events that lead up to Kristy being kicked out of the club and Dawn being the new President. (A lot of Kristy bashing in this fic.) (An AU of the Netflix series)
Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/27945293
Notes:
(See the end of the work for notes.)

Chapter 1: Kristy's Great Mistake
Chapter Text
Kristy felt the entire club spinning out of control, Stacey lied, Mary Anne spotted her spying, Claudia will stop being her friend again, and Louie ran away. She has to do something. She runs home and when she gets there, Louie is at the doorstep. Kristy felt relief, but she couldn't relax yet, she has something important to say to her club members.

At the next meeting, the other girls look at Kristy uneasily. Stacey felt a pit grow in her chest, Kristy glared at her and took a deep breath, and began to speak.

"After some recent events, I've decided to place some new rules into place," Kristy stated.

Claudia rolls her eyes, Mary Anne gulps, and Stacey looks at Kristy uneasily.

"One, we are no longer taking babysitting jobs from Watson, I don't care if we have to place fliers for it, we aren't babysitting his kids," Kristy stated.

Mary Anne looks at Kristy in disbelief. She really liked Karen and Andrew, and she couldn't believe Kristy is doing this. Claudia looks at Kristy emotionless, knowing what is happening like before.

"Two, Stacey lied, she wasn't in New York, She was in her car with her parents, I saw her yesterday, so Stacey," Kristy turned to Stacey, "where were you?"

Stacey became silent, she couldn't get her words out. Kristy pressed on.

"Where were you?"

Stacey gulped and sighs, "The doctors…"

"For what?"

"Jesus Kristy, she said she was at the doctor's so she was at the doctor's," Claudia defended.

Kristy backed down, she sighs and sits in her chair.

"Well, that's pretty much what I have to say, anyone else objects?" Kristy says.

The rest of the club members stay quiet, they don't know what to say. Claudia's room is filled with silence but was suddenly filled with sound after the phone rings. Mary Anne picks it up.

"H-hello... Babysitters Club," Mary Anne says, she listens to the woman on the phone and sighs. "Mrs. Keene needs a Babysitter this Wednesday, anyone free?"

"Art class," Claudia instantly says.

"Doctor appointment again," Stacey says. Kristy glared at her again.

"I'll take the job," Mary Anne writes in the notebook.

As everyone began doing their own thing, Kristy began to smirk, she showed her control over the club, she was complete, but unknown to her, this change of events will change the lives of the Babysitters club forever.

Chapter 2: Claudia and the Big Change
Summary:
Claudia and the other girls kick out Kristy and change the leadership in the Club.

Chapter Text
The club was still on edge after what Kristy did, but of course, no one outside of the club knows what Kristy did. Kristy of course still wanted to know what secret that Stacey is trying to keep, she couldn’t really take any lying or secrets in the club. She still saw Stacey being secretive more than ever since the confrontation, so she did something that would change the course of the whole history and relationship of the club.

Claudia got a phone call in the middle of the morning, it was still night, she woke up and saw it was Stacey, Claudia answered it.

“Stacey? What’s wrong?” Claudia asks.

“Have you seen what Kristy did to me?!’ Stacey yelled through the phone.

“You mean about before? I get you to have a private life, I won’t get into it, but what else did she do to you?” Claudia asked. Being a former friend of Kristy, Claudia knew what she can do, what did she do to Stacey? She got a link to google docs, she read it, and her blood boiled from what she read. “Kristy is kicking you out of the club?!”

“I was surprised just as you are, what can we do?”

“I know what we can do.”

The next day, Claudia showed Mary Anne the document that Kristy made of kicking Stacey out of the club, Mary Anne couldn’t believe her eyes, she didn’t know what to do, but Claudia did. They encountered Kristy privately to begin a very harsh conversation.

“Hey girls, and Stacey…” Kristy says looking at Stacey with a mean eye.

Stacey hides behind Claudia.

“Kristy, you don’t have to kick Stacey out of the club,” Claudia says. “She can have a secret and private life.”

“Not if it interferes with the club, so to remove any more problems, she isn’t in the club anymore, since it causes so much stress between everyone,” Kristy explains.

“You can’t do this, it’s an abuse of power, you know what happens to Presidents who abuse their power?” Claudia asks Kristy.

“They get impeached?”

“Exactly, raise your hand everyone if you wanna kick Kristy as her role as President and from the club,” Claudia stated.

Claudia, Mary Anne, and Stacey raised their hands.

“You’re outnumbered,” Claudia stated.

“Fine! I’m kicked out of the club that I created, but don’t think that you can make the club last for a second without me!” Kristy yelled.

Kristy stormed off away from the girls angrily, Claudia turns to the two girls behind her.

“What can we do now? I don’t think I can handle Kristy now, we live right next to each other, I think she might harass me more like she-” Mary Anne tries to say, but she stops herself.

“Hey, it’s ok, I know it sucks, but she isn’t here right now, you can speak your mind now,” Claudia says.

“What you said, about the reason that you and Kristy stopped being friends, is it true?”

“It is true, she is way too bossy, but I never really had a problem with you Mary Anne. Stacey, since Kristy is kicked out of the club, I’m the President now, so you can come back in.”

“I don’t know, I mean, I wanna still be friends with you girls, but after what Kristy did, I don’t think I can even be in the same club that I got insulted in, but we can still hang out,” Stacey says. “I just don’t think I can be in the club, I’m sorry.”

Claudia hugs Stacey lightly, “I understand Stace, looks like it’s just us Mary Anne.”

After a few months, the Babysitter’s club came up slow, they still got jobs, but with the lack of members, they couldn’t take as many jobs as they did before.

Little did they know, someone was coming to Stoneybrooke to change the structure of the club.

Chapter 3: Dawn
Chapter Text
Stacey still hung out around Claudia and Mary Anne, but she isn't a member of the club. After Kristy, her experience in the club has been extremely bad. She didn't want to keep any more secrets from anyone. She called up Claudia and Mary Anne to tell them her secret.

"I have diabetes, it's the reason why my family and I moved here to Stoneybrooke," Stacey stated. "I was going for my check-up at the doctor for my diabetes."

"Thank you for telling us this, I'm sorry that you feel like you had to tell us because of-" Claudia cringed, she didn't really want to say Kristy's name. "Her...have anyone even encountered her since judgment day?"

Stacey didn't have any classes with Kristy, so she was safe. She is in the hot seat because of trying to cover up her diabetes. Claudia only had two classes with Kristy, but they completely didn't want to see each other anyway, so they ignored each other or secretly gave each other death glares when the other wasn't looking.

When the meeting came, it was just Mary Anne and Claudia. They still had babysitting jobs, but they couldn't take as many jobs before, because of the lack of members.

"We need some new members, but we don't know that many people, that would like a job like this," Claudia says.

"Wait, I saw someone that could be a part of the club," Mary Anne suggested.

"Who?"

"That new girl, I think she is from California. Maybe she can join."

"Looks like we're going to invite another new girl into our club."

"I do miss Stacey, Kristy broke up this club, so badly."

"I can still hang out, but I just won't be a part of this club, but if you want, I can help you girls with the new girl Dawn," Stacey explains.

"Good, that's the plan, get Dawn to join the club," Claudia says.

The next day, the approaching Dawn, turns out, she had a lot of experience babysitting, they obviously let her into the club, because of these skills. Kristy spotted them and saw what they were doing, she got angry. Of course, her mom doesn't know about her being kicked out of her own club, but she wanted to get some sort of revenge against the girls, but she will do that sooner or later.

After Dawn became a member of the club, she walked home, when she turned near the sidewalk, she saw a Japense-American teenage girl picking up some books off of the ground. Dawn went over to help her.

"Thank you for your assistance," The teenage girl says adjusting her glasses. She stood up holding her books. She was taller than Dawn.

"Well, it was nothing, I'm Dawn Scaffer, I moved her from California." Dawn greeted, she stuck out her hand.

"Janie Kishi," She shook Dawn's hand.

"Wait, are you related to Claudia?"

"I'm her older sister, yes, let me guess, she didn't tell you about me?"

"No, she didn't. Why is that?"

"Claudia struggles with math, so she sees my High IQ as superior, which makes her feel inferior."

"I guess that makes sense. Wait, you are studying a lot of advanced stuff."

"The future can be prepared in time, this is what I can do."

"Well, I think that whatever skills that you have can be used in the club."

"While that seems like a good idea, it's not to me."

"Why not?"

Janine looks down, "My sister wouldn't like that. Her friends wouldn't like that. Especially Kristy."

"Haven't you heard? Kristy isn't a part of the club anymore."

Janine looks at Dawn surprised, "Even if so, Claudia wouldn't handle it."

"We'll do it secretly then, whatever information from the club I get, you can help the club with it. Let's prove them wrong, ok?"

"I'll try, let just clear my schedule."

Dawn smiles and shakes Janine's hand, which causes her to blush. Dawn then walked away back home, leaving Janine to ponder wiht her thoughts.

Chapter 4: Members
Chapter Text
Dawn secretly continued to hang out with Janine while she was still in the club. When she sees Janine in her room when she goes into a Babysitter's club meeting, she secretly waves to her while she is in her room on her computer, Janine waves back and she even gives a small smile. Dawn smiled back and went into Claudia's room for the meeting.

"Dawn, I gotta say, you're not only a really good babysitter, but you really handled our finances well," Claudia says.

"Yeah, you're really good with math," Mary Anne says.

"Well, I'm glad that you said that, because I'm not the one who did all of that," Dawn stated.

"You had someone else do it for you?" Mary Anne asked. She looked at Claudia.

"I guess that's fine, we all get lazy one time or another, but who did the work for you then?" Claudia asked.

"Excuse me for a moment," Dawn says, she left Claudia's room.

Claudia and Mary Anne looked at each other confused. Dawn came into Janine's room.

"Come on, we can tell them," Dawn says.

"She won't like it," Janine says.

"I know, but after Kristy and Stacey, we need someone like you."

Dawn and Janine walls into Claudia's room. Claudia had a look of disgust on her face.

"Dawn, why did you bring Janine?" Claudia asks, trying not to get mad with the new member.

"She is the one who helped our finances, I think she can be in the club." Dawn says.

"No! Nope! Not happening! I can't have my older sister in the club! It'll be my living hell! I already live with her!" Claudia yells.

Janine looked hurt, Mary Anne and Dawn felt her pain. Claudia calmed down and took a deep breath, she knew if she said anything more she would continue to hurt her older sister. Dawn held Janine's hand secretly to try and comfort her.

"Janine...I'm sorry...I know we don't really have the best relationship, but I just feel uncomfortable having you around…" Claudia says slowly.

Janine nods sadly.

"No! Claudia, we need new members! When you came to me about the club, I was excited, so I joined. But then you told me why you needed new members, the Kristy incident. Now, I think you're being just like her," Dawn says to Claudia.

"How?" Claudia asks.

"You let your personal feelings about someone that you don't like get in the way of letting someone into the club. Don't be like Kristy."

Claudia looks at her older sister, she sighs, she doesn't want to be like Kristy, she can't let her inferiority complex toward her sister get in the way for the club, maybe they can even get closer and be friends.

"You are right, I can't be like her. Janine, you are really good with money, I know you are busy with your studies, but do you wanna be our Treasurer?"

Janine looked at Dawn and then back at Claudia.

"Yes, I can't promise you that I'll be in every meeting, but I'll help you anyway that I can," Janine says.

Claudia then turns to Dawn, "I know this is crazy, but I don't think I can be President. Vice President is good for me, Dawn you're so open to new people and you bring out the best in them. Heck, I didn't even want my own sister in the club, you should be President of the club."

Dawn looked at Claudia surprised, "Are you sure?"

"Yes, I am sure."

"Well, ok! I can be President of the Babysitters club," Dawn says.

Everyone smiled, they went back into Claudia's room to continue the meeting.

Chapter 5: Mom Problem
Chapter Text
Dawn's job as president was very easy. She made sure that everyone got along and felt included, the best part of her job as President, is that she is also considering new members, unlike what Kristy did before. Dawn even got her own babysitting jobs and babysat for the Barretts, even if they were a crazy group of three kids. Dawn later realized that her skills are needed somewhere else. Because one babysitting job went very downhill, but not in the way that you think.

While babysitting, Dawn helped Buddy with his homework, he accidentally called her something that really stuck with her in her mind.

"Wow! Thanks, Mom," Buddy says excitedly, but then he caught himself, "I mean Dawn!"

Dawn suddenly got surprised, "It's fine Buddy."

After their Mom got home, Dawn didn't tell her what happened. She only told her club members.

"He called me mom, I don't know what to do, I feel so confused," Dawn says to the girls. "His mom is always busy, so he looks at me! What do I do?"

"We never had anything like this," Claudia says. "But I think I know what it means."

"What does it mean?" Dawn asks.

"Well, he craves a mother figure, unintentionally of course. He wants someone to talk to and help him with his homework, maybe even try to help him with whatever problems he has at school."

"What?"

"Try to limit yourself, don't do anything a babysitter wouldn't do," Mary Anne explains.

The next day, Dawn tried to do anything that a babysitter would do. But Buddy was really needy, he wanted someone to comfort him, so she did it. And he called her mom again. This time, Dawn didn't object. She had to just make sure that Buddy's Mom was in the room with them, which made for a weird moment.

"Dawn, this is just playing, right? Because he said Mom really normally," Ms. Barrett says.

"Ms. Barrett, Buddy, and I have connected, I don't know why, but I do know this, they need their mom, their real mom, I almost decided to quit, but-" Dawn explains.

"Dawn, please don't, you're a really good babysitter, you've helped me a lot, maybe if I spend more time with my children, maybe something can change. But, I'll try to be better, you should take a break."

Dawn smiles and she says goodbye to Buddy and his siblings, she left to walk home but is spotted by Janine, who was walking home from the library.

"Hey, studying hard?" Dawn remarked.

"Yes, I am, how was the job?" Janine asks.

"Good, she's trying something new now," Dawn says. She looks at Janine who looked like she wanted to say something to her. "What's up?"

"Do you wanna hang out more? Like not in the club, like just the two of us," Janine blushed.

Dawn did notice that she is fifteen, so it wouldn't be weird, "Sure, if you want."

Janine smiled.

Notes:
I came up with this idea when I decided on a scenario on a new event in the show, so here it is. I hope you like it. More is coming soon.